In Vietnam, we
respectfully greet our esteemed Buddhist disciples. The
Buddha's birthday is a day when we remember
and express our gratitude to the
birth of Prince Siddhartha,
who later became the
greatest and most enlightened being in this realm. From
there, he opened the path to liberation from the
cycle of birth and death, ending the suffering of all beings.
We Buddhists joyfully celebrate the
Buddha's birthday, rejoicing like the people of the past,
returning to their roots to celebrate the birth of Prince Siddhartha. This year, due to the
pandemic, we Buddhists cannot
gather at the temple to participate in the celebration of the
Buddha's birth. Therefore, let us
reminisce about last year's Buddha's birthday celebration in
2019. We are confident that,
regardless of the circumstances, on
these days, we Buddhists are extremely
joyful and wish to celebrate the
birth of the Buddha, the birth that
brings benefits to Heaven and
humanity, the
birth that brings happiness to all
beings. Let us
Buddhists celebrate together...  In celebrating
Buddha's Birthday at home,
let each of us direct our hearts and pray
for the Buddha's teachings to be proclaimed to all sentient beings,
filling them with auspicious opportunities to
practice the Dharma and escape suffering.
With this joyful praise, we
hope that in
some future life, on the path of
Bodhisattva practice, we Buddhists will have the opportunity to meet the
Buddhas and receive their blessings, just
as the Buddha Shakyamuni's previous life was blessed by the
Buddha with
his radiant light. [Music] Let us decorate our homes with seven radiant and solemn lanterns and flowers, and visit our homes, perhaps ordering cakes and holding a celebration at home as a momentous occasion for ourselves and our families.
[Music] Let
us together praise the
appearance of Prince Siddhartha, a
great appearance. Wishing you and your
family abundant joy in
this year's celebration. Namo Joyful Treasury Bodhisattva
Mahasattva II. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.  We, your
disciples, respectfully and sincerely
praise the Buddha Shakyamuni and
make a vow on the anniversary of
his birth: May there be a virtuous person among all
nations who has always done good deeds, always showing compassion for all beings. May the
Bodhisattva's virtues
continue to follow, and may the
Lord of Heaven be the
Bodhisattva, whose name is Bodhisattva
Ho Minh Nho. Observing humanity and sentient beings
trapped in the cycle of suffering, Bodhisattva
Ho Minh, according to Nguyen Tu Vy, entered the world, the royal court, the land of the king, the land of the
king, the mother, is a dream, not a
leaf. The name of the
Bodhisattva, the rare and virtuous, abandoning the good thoughts, 80 beautiful and famous figures,
this resounding fame, when opening the
female student, she goes to defecate. 7 Blessings Every Step
[music]
The flowers, seeing the 7th step, the day of
transformation, one hand controls heaven, the other directs
everything, raising a majestic voice. Above and below, I alone am supreme, the
heavenly realm rejoices,
flowers are offered, dragons spit, the
prince is forbidden to bathe, the people sing a song. A myriad of
trees, leaves, and flowers welcome the pregnant
princess, the royal palace opens a festival, inviting the Taoist masters and the
four-named statues of the Prince.  A
prophecy foretold that the prince,
if in the world, would attain the title of King of the Wheel of Reincarnation.
If he traveled to Sarang, he would return to
ordinary wood. This prophecy was accurate, just as the young
prince, a man of exceptional talent, had predicted.
On the first day of spring, during the ceremony, he
saw the general's
cruel fighting style. Amidst the common
people, the prince felt pity for the green leaves, very
unhappy, wanting all creatures to leave their
ancient wings until they grew up. The Heavenly creation was about to conquer him.
This unique victory encountered four sides of the price: sickness and
death, a long journey to the high realm of
the Taoist ascetic. The prince,
determined to leave, sought the path of martial arts. His beloved son,
also of gold and jade, was not there.
Why was he able to maintain his strength? On the 8th of
February, he sadly left, having
studied rice for 55 days, and practiced skin care for 65 days, but did
not achieve fulfillment. Leaving the old forest and the
ascetic practice, he returned to the Middle Way. The
river flowed
against the current, the water flowing beneath the earth,
abandoning birth. He meditated until the 49th night,
during
this period. He delved into the science of impermanence, precisely and accurately,
in the title of compassion. He bestowed the Miraculous
Dharma to save humanity and the heavens.
Throughout all beings, we show them that suffering
is the cause of suffering, that it is the root of suffering, the
path to liberation from suffering, and the path to its
cessation. We attain
Nirvana, the path to liberation from suffering. From there, sentient beings have the
path to liberation from suffering. Today, we
respectfully offer our vows to the Venerable Master.
We vow to
follow his teachings in this present life,
focusing our hearts on the path of compassion. When we are at
Sa Ho, we uphold the precepts and study the teachings. If we
are able to perform the rituals and cultivate
virtuous conduct, we must practice mindfulness and diligently observe the precepts.
We, Nguyen Thanh, vow that in every
lifetime, we will be born into suffering, crossing the mountain pass, and encountering the Buddha. May he and the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas follow our vows, extending their wondrous Dharma to save sentient beings, benefiting ourselves and others. In every lifetime, we wish to be grateful.
Venerable Master Ton Duc Thang, our esteemed teacher, guides
us on this path. This
is our sincere and heartfelt vow. We humbly hope that the Buddhas,
Bodhisattvas, and saints of the ten directions will bear witness to our pure and
fragrant words, our
vows to soon be fulfilled. Namo Tathagata, the Righteous One ...  The
Supreme Being's solution, the unexpected obstacle, the
natural master, the Buddha, adding the Venerable One, yes,
yes
[music]
[Applause]